Go provider: release notes v1.0.0-beta.2 (#1068)
Azure/AppConfiguration: releaseNotes/GoProvider.md

[Source code][source_code] | [Package][package] | [Samples][samples]

## 1.0.0-beta.2 - May 29, 2025

> ### New Features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Enhancement
```

> * Added support for dynamic configuration so the selected key-values will be automatically updated when data is changed in Azure App Configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support for sentinel key-based dynamic configuration refresh from Azure App Configuration.
```

> * Added support for periodically resolving Key Vault references to fetch latest version secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support for periodically resolving Key Vault references to fetch the latest version of secret.
```
